---
layout: post
title: 2018 Goals
date: '2018-01-01 20:01:18'
---

## 2017 Review

2017 was a good year for me.

* I strived to adjust my previously _broken_ work-life balance, and succeeded at times.
* I took up a new hobby of running, and completed [961.5km during the year](https://2017.strava.com/en-gb/videos/07848a6f25b9dad2f9445a30b08de9dba4687215/), including a fair few races.
* I began budgeting properly, instead of impulse spending. This included reviewing our monthly spending, and reducing where we could. I didn't always stick to it, but it made me think twice!
* I cut the cord on Sky TV! With 2 young children watching Youtube & Netflix, and in the evening watching BBC or Netflix it was a massive cost that we just didn't need.
* My wonderful family flourished, including the eldest taking up trumpet, and the youngest starting school. My wife returned to work in a job that follows the saying ["choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life."](https://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/confucius_134717)

## Welcome to 2018!

I feel like 2018 is going to be a good year. And I have set a few goals rather than resolutions this year. I will update this post as the year progresses

* Run 1500km during the year
* Complete my first Marathon, and Ultra Marathon (already booked)
* Improve (further) my work-life balance, and also look to improve my work-hobby-family time balance
* Start to say __"no"__ a bit more. I have always been one to help, and say "yes" at every opportunity, which often causes me stress and worry over not managing to do everything I have promised.
* Read more! 12 books is my initial goal, one a month, surely I can manage that!
* Redevelop/tweak my website (again)! With not doing so much freelance work (and almost all for established clients) I want to turn this more to a update blog.

Thats all for now. I will keep everyone updated on my progress.